Question : Can you tell me your full name please?

Answer : My first name and last name are same - Yee.

Suggestion : Pronounciation of name and same

Question : Can you tell me where you are from?

Answer : I am from Siri situated in Southern China but right now I am currently living in United States in Texas.

Suggestion : Great

Question : Show me your identity card

Answer : Yes, please

Suggestion : Good

---------------------------------Yourself

Question : What do you do? Do you work or are you a student?

Answer : Right now currently I am a student. I have been studying electrical engineering for more than 10 years.

Suggestion : Nice because have been studying - use this

Question : And why did you choose these subjects?

Answer : I chose this subject because influence from my father. He is working as electrical engineer as well. When I was a child I used to have a dream to be a engineer like my father. And he is my role model.

Suggestion : It was thanks to my father that I became interested in this subject. My father works as an electric engineer as well. To take a leaf out of my father's book and do exactly the same what he is doing as an electrical engineer. My father is a role model to me.
Spell r and l correctly (Role model)

Question : What do you hope to do when you finish your studies?

Answer : When I complete my studies I think I would try to get a job as soon as possible. So I can feed myself and I can be more independent.

Suggestion : 
Spell t propertly (think) , Spell last word properly (feed)

------------------------------------Photographs

Question : What types of photos you like taking?

Answer : Actually I have never thought about this question because I am not a photo type person. I guess the most common photos I usually take is selfies, so whenever I am travelling at any place the only thing I would take is myself with a beautiful scenery.

Suggestion : To be quite honest, I have never thought about this question, It's a good question. So I am not a photographer. Pretty much the only thing that I take photographs of is myself. I always make sure that my selfies have beautiful scenery in the background and anything picturesque to make other people jealous when they see my photos so I am essentially an expert in selfie taking you could say.
Fillers - It's useful

Question : And what do you do with the photos that you take?

Answer : When I come back home, I would just sent the photos back to the computer because my phone has very limited storage. Just in case I lose them in future.

Suggestion : I always make sure I transfer the photos from my phone onto my computer because I have limited storage space on my phone and I do this just in case my phone gets damaged or stolen or lost. Atleast I will have a backup of those beautiful photos I have been taking.
Very limited storage, Just in case - Great vocabulary

Question : When you visit other places, do you prefer to take photos or buy postcards?
